hey everybody here's the latest the
Arkansas State Police have released the
nine one one tape associated with the
sex scandal involving Arkansas
Razorbacks head coach Bobby Petrino and
his assistant Jessica Doral the tape has
a Larry Herndon who actually made the
call explaining that the couple didn't
want help and as you see or hear the
video go through you will see a the
motorcycle the harley-davidson by Bobby
Petrino alongside highway 16 so you can
get a good visual of what happened here
also note that Jessica Darrell's name
does not come up instead being called
Robert its stores in process
ok I just activated we're giving up the
bitch I can give you the license plate
of the motorcycle it EULA I've got it
here passed another person here he
didn't look like his face was bleeding
quite a lot but both of them seated
never be injured she's the package the
gentleman with the motorcycle age
it's okay some housecleaning first of
all it's widely reported that Arkansas
State Police want a full detailed report
from officer Larry King now the catch is
that that officer was not the person who
actually wrote the police report that
was Josh hey Ronald badge number 409 now
reading the police report
it looks like officer Arnold spawned at
the 9-1-1 call arrived at the scene
by that time Petrino and Darrell will no
longer there they went to the other
intersection where they met officer King
and an officer Arnold went there and
that's where they're all arranged to
have King take Petrino to the hospital
and Darrell was taken to her vehicle
where she went home so that's where it
shakes out right now as to what's going
to happen the Barbie retreat oh wow what
do you think should happen to him let me
know